Move profiling docs to the Observability docs (#2785)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/profiling-split-filter-data.asciidoc

[[profiling-split-filter-data]]
= Split filter data

> `elastic-profiling config` prints a default configuration that allows ingesting data into a {ecloud} deployment.
> The only config setting you can change is `project-id` (default value is `1`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The instructions to deploy the host-agent displayed in *Add Data* show a default configuration that allows ingesting data into a {ecloud} deployment.
The only config setting you may want to change is `project-id` (default value is `1`).
```
